Project-3_Team-9
================

Project 3 - Android App

For this deliverable, the User Interface (UI), GPS elements, and data retrieval of two data API urls are implemented. From the Main screen there are a few things a user can do. Press the button to the right of the text area to populate the text area with the phone's current GPS data and the user is now able to insert a location to search the Danger Index.  Swipe left or right to go to Settings or Details View. In the Settings view there are checkboxes that check or uncheck when clicked, when checked the appropriate settings are changed.  Also in the Settings View, there are two buttons.  One button clears the data stored.  The other button takes the user to an About page that shows attributions and disclaimers. In the Details view data is shown alongside pictures that relate to the data they show.  The Details view is scrollable vertically.  Back on the Main screen, pressing the Calculate button will call our evaluation function which recieves data from our XML parsing of our API URLS in order to create a number 0-10 rating the danger in the area.  Still on the Main screen, press the Records button to be taken to a new activity that shows a graph of records.  This graph will show previously recorded Danger Indexes for the user. The data is recorded in an XML file in your phone directory of the stored Danger Index values.

To run this deliverable there are two options.  One option is to open the provided code as a project in Android Studio and click the run button with either an emulator running or a phone with debugging enabled attached to the computer via USB cable.  The other option is to sideload the APK file located at: "[root_project_directory]/app-debug.apk". This can be done by e-mailing the .apk file to an Android phone, downloading the attachment, and selecting "Install". To allow this, one may first have to go to Settings -> Security and enable Unknown Sources on the phone.
